README.md, before:

# Twint-API
Inofficial API for Twitter Frontend for scraping tweets of german federal delegates

## Requirements

Python 3  
Twint (pip3 install twint)

## Usage of scraper

Execute `python3 twint_scraper.py` in the cloned git repository.  

Modify the date range in the `searchUserTweets()` function in `twint_scaper.py` or leave it commented out to get all tweets. It takes approximately 10 minutes for 7 days of tweets or 8 hours to get all existing tweets. 

To add or remove twitter accounts edit the `abgeordnete_usernamen_twitter.json` file.  

NOTE: It can only scrape the last 3200 tweets of an account. This is not a limitation of twint but of twitter. Checkout the twint project page to learn more: https://github.com/twintproject/twint

## Usage of scraper v2

There are several names of German representatives in the file `Bundestag_Namen_Username_Fraktion.csv` which are use as keywords in the method `searchPoliticalTweets()`

The tweets are stored separately according to the party of the German representatives

Like in the first scraper you can modify the data range.

Merge all JSON files from one party to one file. Then you can use `JSON_utils.py` to clean the tweets.

Commit message:

Feature/get new tweets 2 (#5)
* scrape tweets from winter 2021

* remove test file

* scrape more tweets

* clean winter tweets

* adjust readme

* improve documentation

* add json files

README.md, after:

# Twint-API
Inofficial API for Twitter Frontend for scraping tweets of german federal delegates

## Requirements

Python 3  
Twint (pip3 install twint)

## Usage of scraper

Execute `python3 twint_scraper.py` in the cloned git repository.  

Modify the date range in the `searchUserTweets()` function in `twint_scaper.py` or leave it commented out to get all tweets. It takes approximately 10 minutes for 7 days of tweets or 8 hours to get all existing tweets. 

To add or remove twitter accounts edit the `abgeordnete_usernamen_twitter.json` file.  

NOTE: It can only scrape the last 3200 tweets of an account. This is not a limitation of twint but of twitter. Checkout the twint project page to learn more: https://github.com/twintproject/twint

## Usage of scraper v2

There are several names of German representatives in the file `Bundestag_Namen_Username_Fraktion.csv` which are use as keywords in the method `searchPoliticalTweets()`

The tweets are stored separately according to the party of the German representatives

Like in the first scraper you can modify the data range.

With `JSON_utils.py` you can clean the data by removing all tweets written by German representatives.

Also the party of each tweet will be added to the json-object.

Caution: You may have to adjust the filepath in `JSON_utils.py`
